Add documentation for the official CVE feed (#136)
kubernetes/sig-security: sig-security-tooling/cve-feed/README.md

# Official CVE Feed

> 

Reviewer: I'll make an issue for this suggestion, and then get the PR merged; I think it'll be helpful to have *something* in, and then we can iterate on improving it.

> 

Reviewer: https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-security/issues/141

The official CVE feed is separated into two main components:

> 1. the scripts, updating a cloud bucket containing the feed;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The scripts that update a cloud bucket containing the feed.
```

> 1. the scripts, updating a cloud bucket containing the feed;

Author: I applied that! Thank you!

2. the website rendering and serving the feed to various formats.

## Scripts

A script in the [kubernetes/sig-security](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-security)
repository under the [sig-security-tooling/cve-feed/hack](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-security/tree/main/sig-security-tooling/cve-feed/hack)
folder. This script is
a bash script named `fetch-cve-feed.sh` that:

> - setups the python3 environment;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- sets up the python3 environment;
```

- generates the CVE feed file with `fetch-official-cve-feed.py`;
- compares the sha256 of the newly generated file with the existing one;
- if the sha256 changed, uploads the newly generated CVE feed file to the bucket.

The `fetch-official-cve-feed.py` file executed by the `fetch-cve-feed.sh` is a
python3 script that:
- queries the GitHub API to fetch all the issues with the `official-cve-feed`
  label in the [kubernetes/kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20label%3Aofficial-cve-feed%20)
  repository;
- formats the result with the appropriate JSON schema to be JSON feed
  compliant;
- prints the output to stdout.

These scripts are run regularly as a CronJob on the k8s infrastructure.

In short, these scripts take the GitHub [kubernetes/kubernetes issues
labeled with `official-cve-feed`](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20label%3Aofficial-cve-feed%20)
as the input and generate a JSON feed file as an output in a cloud bucket. The

> output can be publicly fetched at [gs://k8s-cve-feed/](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/k8s-cve-feed) or [storage.googleapis.com/k8s-cve-feed](https://storage.googleapis.com/k8s-cve-feed/).

Reviewer 3: is `gs://k8s-cve-feed/` a typo?

Reviewer: This is the usual way to format a URL for a google cloud storage bucket
